JP-3521: Fix jump multiprocessing error (#239)
spacetelescope/stcal: CHANGES.rst

- Added more allowable selections for the number of cores to use for
  multiprocessing [#183].

> - Fixed the numer of rows per slice in multiprocessing that lead to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the computation of the number of rows per slice for multiprocessing, which was leading to
```
